README.md, before:






[![Massdriver][logo]][website]

# aws-elasticache-redis

[![Release][release_shield]][release_url]
[![Contributors][contributors_shield]][contributors_url]
[![Forks][forks_shield]][forks_url]
[![Stargazers][stars_shield]][stars_url]
[![Issues][issues_shield]][issues_url]
[![MIT License][license_shield]][license_url]

<!--
##### STILL NEED TO GET SLACK WORKING ###
[!["Slack Community"](%s)][slack]
-->


Amazon ElastiCache for Redis is a blazing fast in-memory data store that provides sub-millisecond latency to power internet-scale real-time applications.


---

## Design

For detailed information, check out our [Operator Guide](operator.mdx) for this bundle.

## Usage

Our bundles aren't intended to be used locally, outside of testing. Instead, our bundles are designed to be configured, connected, deployed and monitored in the [Massdriver][website] platform.

### What are Bundles?

Bundles are the basic building blocks of infrastructure, applications, and architectures in [Massdriver][website]. Read more [here](https://docs.massdriver.cloud/concepts/bundles).

## Bundle

### Params

Form input parameters for configuring a bundle for deployment.

<details>
<summary>View</summary>

<!-- PARAMS:START -->
## Properties

- **`cluster_mode_enabled`** *(boolean)*: Cluster mode allows you to scale your cluster horizontally across multiple node groups. This is useful at massive scale (beyond limits of vertical scaling). NOTE: Changing this will recreate the cluster. Default: `False`.
- **`node_groups`** *(integer)*: Number of node groups (shards) in the cluster. Each node group will have a primary node and the number of read replicas specified above. Minimum: `2`. Maximum: `250`. Default: `2`.
- **`node_type`** *(string)*: AWS node type to use for the cluster. Must be one of: `['cache.m5.large', 'cache.m5.xlarge', 'cache.m5.2xlarge', 'cache.m5.4xlarge', 'cache.m5.12xlarge', 'cache.m5.24xlarge', 'cache.r5.large', 'cache.r5.xlarge', 'cache.r5.2xlarge', 'cache.r5.4xlarge', 'cache.r5.12xlarge', 'cache.r5.24xlarge', 'cache.t3.micro', 'cache.t3.small', 'cache.t3.medium']`.
- **`redis_version`** *(string)*: Major Redis version to use. Must be one of: `['3.2', '4.0', '5.0', '6.x']`. Default: `6.x`.
- **`replicas`** *(integer)*: Number of read replicas per node group. Each node group will have a single primary instace, and 0 to 5 read replicas. If you would like automatic fail-over for high-availability, you need at least 1 replica. Must be one of: `[0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5]`. Default: `0`.
- **`secure`** *(boolean)*: Secure cluster with an auth token and TLS encryption (Required for most security compliance audits eg. HIPAA). NOTE: Changing this will recreate the cluster. Default: `True`.
- **`subnet_type`** *(string)*: Deploy Redis to internal subnets (cannot reach the internet) or private subnets (internet egress traffic allowed). Must be one of: `['internal', 'private']`. Default: `internal`.
## Examples

  ```json
  {
      "__name": "Free Tier",
      "allow_vpc_access": true,
      "cluster_mode_enabled": false,
      "node_type": "cache.t3.micro",
      "redis_version": "6.x",
      "replicas": 0,
      "secure": true
  }
  ```

  ```json
  {
      "__name": "Highly Available",
      "allow_vpc_access": true,
      "cluster_mode_enabled": false,
      "node_type": "cache.t3.micro",
      "redis_version": "6.x",
      "replicas": 1,
      "secure": true
  }
  ```

  ```json
  {
      "__name": "Sharded Cluster",
      "allow_vpc_access": true,
      "cluster_mode_enabled": true,
      "node_groups": 2,
      "node_type": "cache.r5.large",
      "redis_version": "6.x",
      "replicas": 1,
      "secure": true
  }
  ```

<!-- PARAMS:END -->

</details>

### Connections

Connections from other bundles that this bundle depends on.

<details>
<summary>View</summary>

<!-- CONNECTIONS:START -->
## Properties

- **`aws_authentication`** *(object)*: . Cannot contain additional properties.
  - **`data`** *(object)*
    - **`arn`** *(string)*: Amazon Resource Name.

      Examples:
      ```json
      "arn:aws:rds::ACCOUNT_NUMBER:db/prod"
      ```

      ```json
      "arn:aws:ec2::ACCOUNT_NUMBER:vpc/vpc-foo"
      ```

    - **`external_id`** *(string)*: An external ID is a piece of data that can be passed to the AssumeRole API of the Security Token Service (STS). You can then use the external ID in the condition element in a role's trust policy, allowing the role to be assumed only when a certain value is present in the external ID.
  - **`specs`** *(object)*
    - **`aws`** *(object)*: .
      - **`region`** *(string)*: AWS Region to provision in.

        Examples:
        ```json
        "us-west-2"
        ```

      - **`resource`** *(string)*
      - **`service`** *(string)*
      - **`zone`** *(string)*: AWS Availability Zone.

        Examples:
- **`vpc`** *(object)*: . Cannot contain additional properties.
  - **`data`** *(object)*
    - **`infrastructure`** *(object)*
      - **`arn`** *(string)*: Amazon Resource Name.

        Examples:
        ```json
        "arn:aws:rds::ACCOUNT_NUMBER:db/prod"
        ```

        ```json
        "arn:aws:ec2::ACCOUNT_NUMBER:vpc/vpc-foo"
        ```

      - **`cidr`** *(string)*

        Examples:
        ```json
        "10.100.0.0/16"
        ```

        ```json
        "192.24.12.0/22"
        ```

      - **`internal_subnets`** *(array)*
        - **Items** *(object)*: AWS VCP Subnet.
          - **`arn`** *(string)*: Amazon Resource Name.

            Examples:
            ```json
            "arn:aws:rds::ACCOUNT_NUMBER:db/prod"
            ```

            ```json
            "arn:aws:ec2::ACCOUNT_NUMBER:vpc/vpc-foo"
            ```

          - **`aws_zone`** *(string)*: AWS Availability Zone.

            Examples:
          - **`cidr`** *(string)*

            Examples:
            ```json
            "10.100.0.0/16"
            ```

            ```json
            "192.24.12.0/22"
            ```


          Examples:
      - **`private_subnets`** *(array)*
        - **Items** *(object)*: AWS VCP Subnet.
          - **`arn`** *(string)*: Amazon Resource Name.

            Examples:
            ```json
            "arn:aws:rds::ACCOUNT_NUMBER:db/prod"
            ```

            ```json
            "arn:aws:ec2::ACCOUNT_NUMBER:vpc/vpc-foo"
            ```

          - **`aws_zone`** *(string)*: AWS Availability Zone.

            Examples:
          - **`cidr`** *(string)*

            Examples:
            ```json
            "10.100.0.0/16"
            ```

            ```json
            "192.24.12.0/22"
            ```


          Examples:
      - **`public_subnets`** *(array)*
        - **Items** *(object)*: AWS VCP Subnet.
          - **`arn`** *(string)*: Amazon Resource Name.

            Examples:
            ```json
            "arn:aws:rds::ACCOUNT_NUMBER:db/prod"
            ```

            ```json
            "arn:aws:ec2::ACCOUNT_NUMBER:vpc/vpc-foo"
            ```

          - **`aws_zone`** *(string)*: AWS Availability Zone.

            Examples:
          - **`cidr`** *(string)*

            Examples:
            ```json
            "10.100.0.0/16"
            ```

            ```json
            "192.24.12.0/22"
            ```


          Examples:
  - **`specs`** *(object)*
    - **`aws`** *(object)*: .
      - **`region`** *(string)*: AWS Region to provision in.

        Examples:
        ```json
        "us-west-2"
        ```

      - **`resource`** *(string)*
      - **`service`** *(string)*
      - **`zone`** *(string)*: AWS Availability Zone.

        Examples:
<!-- CONNECTIONS:END -->

</details>

### Artifacts

Resources created by this bundle that can be connected to other bundles.

<details>
<summary>View</summary>

<!-- ARTIFACTS:START -->
## Properties

- **`authentication`** *(object)*: Redis cluster authentication and cloud-specific configuration. Cannot contain additional properties.
  - **`data`** *(object)*
    - **`authentication`** *(object)*
      - **`hostname`** *(string)*
      - **`password`** *(string)*
      - **`port`** *(integer)*: Port number. Minimum: `0`. Maximum: `65535`.
      - **`username`** *(string)*
    - **`infrastructure`** *(object)*: Cloud specific Redis configuration data.
      - **One of**
        - AWS Infrastructure ARN*object*: Minimal AWS Infrastructure Config. Cannot contain additional properties.
          - **`arn`** *(string)*: Amazon Resource Name.

            Examples:
            ```json
            "arn:aws:rds::ACCOUNT_NUMBER:db/prod"
            ```

            ```json
            "arn:aws:ec2::ACCOUNT_NUMBER:vpc/vpc-foo"
            ```

        - GCP Infrastructure GRN*object*: Minimal GCP Infrastructure Config. Cannot contain additional properties.
          - **`grn`** *(string)*: GCP Resource Name (GRN).

            Examples:
            ```json
            "projects/my-project/global/networks/my-global-network"
            ```

            ```json
            "projects/my-project/regions/us-west2/subnetworks/my-subnetwork"
            ```

            ```json
            "projects/my-project/topics/my-pubsub-topic"
            ```

            ```json
            "projects/my-project/subscriptions/my-pubsub-subscription"
            ```

            ```json
            "projects/my-project/locations/us-west2/instances/my-redis-instance"
            ```

            ```json
            "projects/my-project/locations/us-west2/clusters/my-gke-cluster"
            ```

        - Azure Redis Cache infrastructure config*object*: . Cannot contain additional properties.
          - **`ari`** *(string)*: Azure Resource ID.

            Examples:
            ```json
            "/subscriptions/12345678-1234-1234-abcd-1234567890ab/resourceGroups/resource-group-name/providers/Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworks/network-name"
            ```

    - **`security`** *(object)*: TBD.
      - **Any of**
        - AWS Security information*object*: Informs downstream services of network and/or IAM policies. Cannot contain additional properties.
          - **`iam`** *(object)*: IAM Policies. Cannot contain additional properties.
            - **`^[a-z-/]+$`** *(object)*
              - **`policy_arn`** *(string)*: AWS IAM policy ARN.

                Examples:
                ```json
                "arn:aws:rds::ACCOUNT_NUMBER:db/prod"
                ```

                ```json
                "arn:aws:ec2::ACCOUNT_NUMBER:vpc/vpc-foo"
                ```

          - **`network`** *(object)*: AWS security group rules to inform downstream services of ports to open for communication. Cannot contain additional properties.
            - **`^[a-z-]+$`** *(object)*
              - **`arn`** *(string)*: Amazon Resource Name.

                Examples:
                ```json
                "arn:aws:rds::ACCOUNT_NUMBER:db/prod"
                ```

                ```json
                "arn:aws:ec2::ACCOUNT_NUMBER:vpc/vpc-foo"
                ```

              - **`port`** *(integer)*: Port number. Minimum: `0`. Maximum: `65535`.
              - **`protocol`** *(string)*: Must be one of: `['tcp', 'udp']`.
        - Security*object*: GCP Security Configuration. Cannot contain additional properties.
          - **`iam`** *(object)*: IAM Roles And Conditions. Cannot contain additional properties.
            - **`^[a-z-/]+$`** *(object)*
              - **`condition`** *(string)*: GCP IAM Condition.
              - **`role`**: GCP Role.

                Examples:
                ```json
                "roles/owner"
                ```

                ```json
                "roles/redis.editor"
                ```

                ```json
                "roles/storage.objectCreator"
                ```

                ```json
                "roles/storage.legacyObjectReader"
                ```

        - Security*object*: Azure Security Configuration. Cannot contain additional properties.
          - **`iam`** *(object)*: IAM Roles And Scopes. Cannot contain additional properties.
            - **`^[a-z/-]+$`** *(object)*
              - **`role`**: Azure Role.

                Examples:
                ```json
                "Storage Blob Data Reader"
                ```

              - **`scope`** *(string)*: Azure IAM Scope.
  - **`specs`** *(object)*
    - **`cache`** *(object)*: The root schema comprises the entire JSON document.
      - **`engine`** *(string)*: The cache engine. Default: ``.

        Examples:
        ```json
        "redis"
        ```

      - **`version`** *(string)*: The version of the engine. Default: ``.

        Examples:
        ```json
        "6.2"
        ```


      Examples:
      ```json
      {
          "engine": "redis",
          "version": "6.2"
      }
      ```

<!-- ARTIFACTS:END -->

</details>

## Contributing

<!-- CONTRIBUTING:START -->

### Bug Reports & Feature Requests

Did we miss something? Please [submit an issue](https://github.com/massdriver-cloud/aws-elasticache-redis/issues) to report any bugs or request additional features.

### Developing

**Note**: Massdriver bundles are intended to be tightly use-case scoped, intention-based, reusable pieces of IaC for use in the [Massdriver][website] platform. For this reason, major feature additions that broaden the scope of an existing bundle are likely to be rejected by the community.

Still want to get involved? First check out our [contribution guidelines](https://docs.massdriver.cloud/bundles/contributing).

### Fix or Fork

If your use-case isn't covered by this bundle, you can still get involved! Massdriver is designed to be an extensible platform. Fork this bundle, or [create your own bundle from scratch](https://docs.massdriver.cloud/bundles/development)!

<!-- CONTRIBUTING:END -->

## Connect

<!-- CONNECT:START -->

Questions? Concerns? Adulations? We'd love to hear from you!

Please connect with us!

[![Email][email_shield]][email_url]
[![GitHub][github_shield]][github_url]
[![LinkedIn][linkedin_shield]][linkedin_url]
[![Twitter][twitter_shield]][twitter_url]
[![YouTube][youtube_shield]][youtube_url]
[![Reddit][reddit_shield]][reddit_url]

<!-- markdownlint-disable -->

[logo]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/massdriver-cloud/docs/main/static/img/logo-with-logotype-horizontal-400x110.svg
[docs]: https://docs.massdriver.cloud/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=aws-elasticache-redis&utm_content=docs
[website]: https://www.massdriver.cloud/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=aws-elasticache-redis&utm_content=website
[github]: https://github.com/massdriver-cloud?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=aws-elasticache-redis&utm_content=github
[slack]: https://massdriverworkspace.slack.com/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=aws-elasticache-redis&utm_content=slack
[linkedin]: https://www.linkedin.com/company/massdriver/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=aws-elasticache-redis&utm_content=linkedin



[contributors_shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/massdriver-cloud/aws-elasticache-redis.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors_url]: https://github.com/massdriver-cloud/aws-elasticache-redis/graphs/contributors
[forks_shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/massdriver-cloud/aws-elasticache-redis.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks_url]: https://github.com/massdriver-cloud/aws-elasticache-redis/network/members
[stars_shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/massdriver-cloud/aws-elasticache-redis.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars_url]: https://github.com/massdriver-cloud/aws-elasticache-redis/stargazers
[issues_shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/massdriver-cloud/aws-elasticache-redis.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues_url]: https://github.com/massdriver-cloud/aws-elasticache-redis/issues
[release_url]: https://github.com/massdriver-cloud/aws-elasticache-redis/releases/latest
[release_shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/release/massdriver-cloud/aws-elasticache-redis.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license_shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/massdriver-cloud/aws-elasticache-redis.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license_url]: https://github.com/massdriver-cloud/aws-elasticache-redis/blob/main/LICENSE


[email_url]: mailto:support@massdriver.cloud
[email_shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/email-Massdriver-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mail.ru&color=000000
[github_url]: mailto:support@massdriver.cloud
[github_shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/follow-Github-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&color=181717
[linkedin_url]: https://linkedin.com/in/massdriver-cloud
[linkedin_shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/follow-LinkedIn-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&color=0A66C2
[twitter_url]: https://twitter.com/massdriver?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=aws-elasticache-redis&utm_content=twitter
[twitter_shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/follow-Twitter-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&color=1DA1F2
[discourse_url]: https://community.massdriver.cloud?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=aws-elasticache-redis&utm_content=discourse
[discourse_shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/join-Discourse-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=discourse&color=000000
[youtube_url]: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfj8P7MJcdlem2DJpvymtaQ
[youtube_shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/subscribe-Youtube-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=youtube&color=FF0000
[reddit_url]: https://www.reddit.com/r/massdriver
[reddit_shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/subscribe-Reddit-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=reddit&color=FF4500

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->

<!-- CONNECT:END -->

Commit message:

Compliance & sec scanning. Merge when badges are green.

README.md, after:

[![Massdriver][logo]][website]

# aws-elasticache-redis

[![Release][release_shield]][release_url]
[![Contributors][contributors_shield]][contributors_url]
[![Forks][forks_shield]][forks_url]
[![Stargazers][stars_shield]][stars_url]
[![Issues][issues_shield]][issues_url]
[![MIT License][license_shield]][license_url]


Amazon ElastiCache for Redis is a blazing fast in-memory data store that provides sub-millisecond latency to power internet-scale real-time applications.


---

## Design

For detailed information, check out our [Operator Guide](operator.mdx) for this bundle.

## Usage

Our bundles aren't intended to be used locally, outside of testing. Instead, our bundles are designed to be configured, connected, deployed and monitored in the [Massdriver][website] platform.

### What are Bundles?

Bundles are the basic building blocks of infrastructure, applications, and architectures in [Massdriver][website]. Read more [here](https://docs.massdriver.cloud/concepts/bundles).

## Bundle


<!-- COMPLIANCE:START -->

Security and compliance scanning of our bundles is performed using [Bridgecrew](https://www.bridgecrew.cloud/). Massdriver also offers security and compliance scanning of operational infrastructure configured and deployed using the platform.

| Benchmark | Description |
|--------|---------------|
| [![Infrastructure Security](https://www.bridgecrew.cloud/badges/github/massdriver-cloud/aws-elasticache-redis/general)](https://www.bridgecrew.cloud/link/badge?vcs=github&fullRepo=massdriver-cloud%2Faws-elasticache-redis&benchmark=INFRASTRUCTURE+SECURITY) | Infrastructure Security Compliance |
| [![CIS AWS](https://www.bridgecrew.cloud/badges/github/massdriver-cloud/aws-elasticache-redis/cis_aws)](https://www.bridgecrew.cloud/link/badge?vcs=github&fullRepo=massdriver-cloud%2Faws-elasticache-redis&benchmark=CIS+AWS+V1.2) | Center for Internet Security, AWS Compliance |
| [![PCI-DSS](https://www.bridgecrew.cloud/badges/github/massdriver-cloud/aws-elasticache-redis/pci)](https://www.bridgecrew.cloud/link/badge?vcs=github&fullRepo=massdriver-cloud%2Faws-elasticache-redis&benchmark=PCI-DSS+V3.2) | Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards Compliance |
| [![NIST-800-53](https://www.bridgecrew.cloud/badges/github/massdriver-cloud/aws-elasticache-redis/nist)](https://www.bridgecrew.cloud/link/badge?vcs=github&fullRepo=massdriver-cloud%2Faws-elasticache-redis&benchmark=NIST-800-53) | National Institute of Standards and Technology Compliance |
| [![ISO27001](https://www.bridgecrew.cloud/badges/github/massdriver-cloud/aws-elasticache-redis/iso)](https://www.bridgecrew.cloud/link/badge?vcs=github&fullRepo=massdriver-cloud%2Faws-elasticache-redis&benchmark=ISO27001) | Information Security Management System, ISO/IEC 27001 Compliance |
| [![SOC2](https://www.bridgecrew.cloud/badges/github/massdriver-cloud/aws-elasticache-redis/soc2)](https://www.bridgecrew.cloud/link/badge?vcs=github&fullRepo=massdriver-cloud%2Faws-elasticache-redis&benchmark=SOC2)| Service Organization Control 2 Compliance |
| [![HIPAA](https://www.bridgecrew.cloud/badges/github/massdriver-cloud/aws-elasticache-redis/hipaa)](https://www.bridgecrew.cloud/link/badge?vcs=github&fullRepo=massdriver-cloud%2Faws-elasticache-redis&benchmark=HIPAA) | Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Compliance |

<!-- COMPLIANCE:END -->

### Params

Form input parameters for configuring a bundle for deployment.

<details>
<summary>View</summary>

<!-- PARAMS:START -->
## Properties

- **`cluster_mode_enabled`** *(boolean)*: Cluster mode allows you to scale your cluster horizontally across multiple node groups. This is useful at massive scale (beyond limits of vertical scaling). NOTE: Changing this will recreate the cluster. Default: `False`.
- **`node_groups`** *(integer)*: Number of node groups (shards) in the cluster. Each node group will have a primary node and the number of read replicas specified above. Minimum: `2`. Maximum: `250`. Default: `2`.
- **`node_type`** *(string)*: AWS node type to use for the cluster. Must be one of: `['cache.m5.large', 'cache.m5.xlarge', 'cache.m5.2xlarge', 'cache.m5.4xlarge', 'cache.m5.12xlarge', 'cache.m5.24xlarge', 'cache.r5.large', 'cache.r5.xlarge', 'cache.r5.2xlarge', 'cache.r5.4xlarge', 'cache.r5.12xlarge', 'cache.r5.24xlarge', 'cache.t3.micro', 'cache.t3.small', 'cache.t3.medium']`.
- **`redis_version`** *(string)*: Major Redis version to use. Must be one of: `['3.2', '4.0', '5.0', '6.x']`. Default: `6.x`.
- **`replicas`** *(integer)*: Number of read replicas per node group. Each node group will have a single primary instace, and 0 to 5 read replicas. If you would like automatic fail-over for high-availability, you need at least 1 replica. Must be one of: `[0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5]`. Default: `0`.
- **`secure`** *(boolean)*: Secure cluster with an auth token and TLS encryption (Required for most security compliance audits eg. HIPAA). NOTE: Changing this will recreate the cluster. Default: `True`.
- **`subnet_type`** *(string)*: Deploy Redis to internal subnets (cannot reach the internet) or private subnets (internet egress traffic allowed). Must be one of: `['internal', 'private']`. Default: `internal`.
## Examples

  ```json
  {
      "__name": "Free Tier",
      "allow_vpc_access": true,
      "cluster_mode_enabled": false,
      "node_type": "cache.t3.micro",
      "redis_version": "6.x",
      "replicas": 0,
      "secure": true
  }
  ```

  ```json
  {
      "__name": "Highly Available",
      "allow_vpc_access": true,
      "cluster_mode_enabled": false,
      "node_type": "cache.t3.micro",
      "redis_version": "6.x",
      "replicas": 1,
      "secure": true
  }
  ```

  ```json
  {
      "__name": "Sharded Cluster",
      "allow_vpc_access": true,
      "cluster_mode_enabled": true,
      "node_groups": 2,
      "node_type": "cache.r5.large",
      "redis_version": "6.x",
      "replicas": 1,
      "secure": true
  }
  ```

<!-- PARAMS:END -->

</details>

### Connections

Connections from other bundles that this bundle depends on.

<details>
<summary>View</summary>

<!-- CONNECTIONS:START -->
## Properties

- **`aws_authentication`** *(object)*: . Cannot contain additional properties.
  - **`data`** *(object)*
    - **`arn`** *(string)*: Amazon Resource Name.

      Examples:
      ```json
      "arn:aws:rds::ACCOUNT_NUMBER:db/prod"
      ```

      ```json
      "arn:aws:ec2::ACCOUNT_NUMBER:vpc/vpc-foo"
      ```

    - **`external_id`** *(string)*: An external ID is a piece of data that can be passed to the AssumeRole API of the Security Token Service (STS). You can then use the external ID in the condition element in a role's trust policy, allowing the role to be assumed only when a certain value is present in the external ID.
  - **`specs`** *(object)*
    - **`aws`** *(object)*: .
      - **`region`** *(string)*: AWS Region to provision in.

        Examples:
        ```json
        "us-west-2"
        ```

      - **`resource`** *(string)*
      - **`service`** *(string)*
      - **`zone`** *(string)*: AWS Availability Zone.

        Examples:
- **`vpc`** *(object)*: . Cannot contain additional properties.
  - **`data`** *(object)*
    - **`infrastructure`** *(object)*
      - **`arn`** *(string)*: Amazon Resource Name.

        Examples:
        ```json
        "arn:aws:rds::ACCOUNT_NUMBER:db/prod"
        ```

        ```json
        "arn:aws:ec2::ACCOUNT_NUMBER:vpc/vpc-foo"
        ```

      - **`cidr`** *(string)*

        Examples:
        ```json
        "10.100.0.0/16"
        ```

        ```json
        "192.24.12.0/22"
        ```

      - **`internal_subnets`** *(array)*
        - **Items** *(object)*: AWS VCP Subnet.
          - **`arn`** *(string)*: Amazon Resource Name.

            Examples:
            ```json
            "arn:aws:rds::ACCOUNT_NUMBER:db/prod"
            ```

            ```json
            "arn:aws:ec2::ACCOUNT_NUMBER:vpc/vpc-foo"
            ```

          - **`aws_zone`** *(string)*: AWS Availability Zone.

            Examples:
          - **`cidr`** *(string)*

            Examples:
            ```json
            "10.100.0.0/16"
            ```

            ```json
            "192.24.12.0/22"
            ```


          Examples:
      - **`private_subnets`** *(array)*
        - **Items** *(object)*: AWS VCP Subnet.
          - **`arn`** *(string)*: Amazon Resource Name.

            Examples:
            ```json
            "arn:aws:rds::ACCOUNT_NUMBER:db/prod"
            ```

            ```json
            "arn:aws:ec2::ACCOUNT_NUMBER:vpc/vpc-foo"
            ```

          - **`aws_zone`** *(string)*: AWS Availability Zone.

            Examples:
          - **`cidr`** *(string)*

            Examples:
            ```json
            "10.100.0.0/16"
            ```

            ```json
            "192.24.12.0/22"
            ```


          Examples:
      - **`public_subnets`** *(array)*
        - **Items** *(object)*: AWS VCP Subnet.
          - **`arn`** *(string)*: Amazon Resource Name.

            Examples:
            ```json
            "arn:aws:rds::ACCOUNT_NUMBER:db/prod"
            ```

            ```json
            "arn:aws:ec2::ACCOUNT_NUMBER:vpc/vpc-foo"
            ```

          - **`aws_zone`** *(string)*: AWS Availability Zone.

            Examples:
          - **`cidr`** *(string)*

            Examples:
            ```json
            "10.100.0.0/16"
            ```

            ```json
            "192.24.12.0/22"
            ```


          Examples:
  - **`specs`** *(object)*
    - **`aws`** *(object)*: .
      - **`region`** *(string)*: AWS Region to provision in.

        Examples:
        ```json
        "us-west-2"
        ```

      - **`resource`** *(string)*
      - **`service`** *(string)*
      - **`zone`** *(string)*: AWS Availability Zone.

        Examples:
<!-- CONNECTIONS:END -->

</details>

### Artifacts

Resources created by this bundle that can be connected to other bundles.

<details>
<summary>View</summary>

<!-- ARTIFACTS:START -->
## Properties

- **`authentication`** *(object)*: Redis cluster authentication and cloud-specific configuration. Cannot contain additional properties.
  - **`data`** *(object)*
    - **`authentication`** *(object)*
      - **`hostname`** *(string)*
      - **`password`** *(string)*
      - **`port`** *(integer)*: Port number. Minimum: `0`. Maximum: `65535`.
      - **`username`** *(string)*
    - **`infrastructure`** *(object)*: Cloud specific Redis configuration data.
      - **One of**
        - AWS Infrastructure ARN*object*: Minimal AWS Infrastructure Config. Cannot contain additional properties.
          - **`arn`** *(string)*: Amazon Resource Name.

            Examples:
            ```json
            "arn:aws:rds::ACCOUNT_NUMBER:db/prod"
            ```

            ```json
            "arn:aws:ec2::ACCOUNT_NUMBER:vpc/vpc-foo"
            ```

        - GCP Infrastructure GRN*object*: Minimal GCP Infrastructure Config. Cannot contain additional properties.
          - **`grn`** *(string)*: GCP Resource Name (GRN).

            Examples:
            ```json
            "projects/my-project/global/networks/my-global-network"
            ```

            ```json
            "projects/my-project/regions/us-west2/subnetworks/my-subnetwork"
            ```

            ```json
            "projects/my-project/topics/my-pubsub-topic"
            ```

            ```json
            "projects/my-project/subscriptions/my-pubsub-subscription"
            ```

            ```json
            "projects/my-project/locations/us-west2/instances/my-redis-instance"
            ```

            ```json
            "projects/my-project/locations/us-west2/clusters/my-gke-cluster"
            ```

        - Azure Redis Cache infrastructure config*object*: . Cannot contain additional properties.
          - **`ari`** *(string)*: Azure Resource ID.

            Examples:
            ```json
            "/subscriptions/12345678-1234-1234-abcd-1234567890ab/resourceGroups/resource-group-name/providers/Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworks/network-name"
            ```

    - **`security`** *(object)*: TBD.
      - **Any of**
        - AWS Security information*object*: Informs downstream services of network and/or IAM policies. Cannot contain additional properties.
          - **`iam`** *(object)*: IAM Policies. Cannot contain additional properties.
            - **`^[a-z-/]+$`** *(object)*
              - **`policy_arn`** *(string)*: AWS IAM policy ARN.

                Examples:
                ```json
                "arn:aws:rds::ACCOUNT_NUMBER:db/prod"
                ```

                ```json
                "arn:aws:ec2::ACCOUNT_NUMBER:vpc/vpc-foo"
                ```

          - **`network`** *(object)*: AWS security group rules to inform downstream services of ports to open for communication. Cannot contain additional properties.
            - **`^[a-z-]+$`** *(object)*
              - **`arn`** *(string)*: Amazon Resource Name.

                Examples:
                ```json
                "arn:aws:rds::ACCOUNT_NUMBER:db/prod"
                ```

                ```json
                "arn:aws:ec2::ACCOUNT_NUMBER:vpc/vpc-foo"
                ```

              - **`port`** *(integer)*: Port number. Minimum: `0`. Maximum: `65535`.
              - **`protocol`** *(string)*: Must be one of: `['tcp', 'udp']`.
        - Security*object*: GCP Security Configuration. Cannot contain additional properties.
          - **`iam`** *(object)*: IAM Roles And Conditions. Cannot contain additional properties.
            - **`^[a-z-/]+$`** *(object)*
              - **`condition`** *(string)*: GCP IAM Condition.
              - **`role`**: GCP Role.

                Examples:
                ```json
                "roles/owner"
                ```

                ```json
                "roles/redis.editor"
                ```

                ```json
                "roles/storage.objectCreator"
                ```

                ```json
                "roles/storage.legacyObjectReader"
                ```

        - Security*object*: Azure Security Configuration. Cannot contain additional properties.
          - **`iam`** *(object)*: IAM Roles And Scopes. Cannot contain additional properties.
            - **`^[a-z/-]+$`** *(object)*
              - **`role`**: Azure Role.

                Examples:
                ```json
                "Storage Blob Data Reader"
                ```

              - **`scope`** *(string)*: Azure IAM Scope.
  - **`specs`** *(object)*
    - **`cache`** *(object)*: The root schema comprises the entire JSON document.
      - **`engine`** *(string)*: The cache engine. Default: ``.

        Examples:
        ```json
        "redis"
        ```

      - **`version`** *(string)*: The version of the engine. Default: ``.

        Examples:
        ```json
        "6.2"
        ```


      Examples:
      ```json
      {
          "engine": "redis",
          "version": "6.2"
      }
      ```

<!-- ARTIFACTS:END -->

</details>

## Contributing

<!-- CONTRIBUTING:START -->

### Bug Reports & Feature Requests

Did we miss something? Please [submit an issue](https://github.com/massdriver-cloud/aws-elasticache-redis/issues) to report any bugs or request additional features.

### Developing

**Note**: Massdriver bundles are intended to be tightly use-case scoped, intention-based, reusable pieces of IaC for use in the [Massdriver][website] platform. For this reason, major feature additions that broaden the scope of an existing bundle are likely to be rejected by the community.

Still want to get involved? First check out our [contribution guidelines](https://docs.massdriver.cloud/bundles/contributing).

### Fix or Fork

If your use-case isn't covered by this bundle, you can still get involved! Massdriver is designed to be an extensible platform. Fork this bundle, or [create your own bundle from scratch](https://docs.massdriver.cloud/bundles/development)!

<!-- CONTRIBUTING:END -->

## Connect

<!-- CONNECT:START -->

Questions? Concerns? Adulations? We'd love to hear from you!

Please connect with us!

[![Email][email_shield]][email_url]
[![GitHub][github_shield]][github_url]
[![LinkedIn][linkedin_shield]][linkedin_url]
[![Twitter][twitter_shield]][twitter_url]
[![YouTube][youtube_shield]][youtube_url]
[![Reddit][reddit_shield]][reddit_url]

<!-- markdownlint-disable -->

[logo]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/massdriver-cloud/docs/main/static/img/logo-with-logotype-horizontal-400x110.svg
[docs]: https://docs.massdriver.cloud/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=aws-elasticache-redis&utm_content=docs
[website]: https://www.massdriver.cloud/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=aws-elasticache-redis&utm_content=website
[github]: https://github.com/massdriver-cloud?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=aws-elasticache-redis&utm_content=github
[slack]: https://massdriverworkspace.slack.com/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=aws-elasticache-redis&utm_content=slack
[linkedin]: https://www.linkedin.com/company/massdriver/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=aws-elasticache-redis&utm_content=linkedin



[contributors_shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/massdriver-cloud/aws-elasticache-redis.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors_url]: https://github.com/massdriver-cloud/aws-elasticache-redis/graphs/contributors
[forks_shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/massdriver-cloud/aws-elasticache-redis.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks_url]: https://github.com/massdriver-cloud/aws-elasticache-redis/network/members
[stars_shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/massdriver-cloud/aws-elasticache-redis.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars_url]: https://github.com/massdriver-cloud/aws-elasticache-redis/stargazers
[issues_shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/massdriver-cloud/aws-elasticache-redis.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues_url]: https://github.com/massdriver-cloud/aws-elasticache-redis/issues
[release_url]: https://github.com/massdriver-cloud/aws-elasticache-redis/releases/latest
[release_shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/release/massdriver-cloud/aws-elasticache-redis.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license_shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/massdriver-cloud/aws-elasticache-redis.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license_url]: https://github.com/massdriver-cloud/aws-elasticache-redis/blob/main/LICENSE


[email_url]: mailto:support@massdriver.cloud
[email_shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/email-Massdriver-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mail.ru&color=000000
[github_url]: mailto:support@massdriver.cloud
[github_shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/follow-Github-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&color=181717
[linkedin_url]: https://linkedin.com/in/massdriver-cloud
[linkedin_shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/follow-LinkedIn-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&color=0A66C2
[twitter_url]: https://twitter.com/massdriver?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=aws-elasticache-redis&utm_content=twitter
[twitter_shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/follow-Twitter-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&color=1DA1F2
[discourse_url]: https://community.massdriver.cloud?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=aws-elasticache-redis&utm_content=discourse
[discourse_shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/join-Discourse-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=discourse&color=000000
[youtube_url]: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfj8P7MJcdlem2DJpvymtaQ
[youtube_shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/subscribe-Youtube-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=youtube&color=FF0000
[reddit_url]: https://www.reddit.com/r/massdriver
[reddit_shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/subscribe-Reddit-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=reddit&color=FF4500

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->

<!-- CONNECT:END -->
